Argentinosaurus plane station so long
Pteranodon family enjoy the big
dinosaurs kids
if you climb one hold on tight by one
okay kids let's take a stroll
Wow being here makes me feel even
smaller remember no matter how small or
big you are all sizes aren't good I'm
just nervous about meeting
Argentinosaurus well they're really big
tiny but everyone knows they're really
nice hi I'm mr. Argentinosaurus well
very nice to meet you I'm mrs.
Pteranodon and these are my kids
tiny and Buddy hi I'm signing very tiny
hmm hi I've already already
Argentinosaurus I'm tiny Pteranodon can
I ask you something Arnie what's it like
to be so big is it fun to be big or hard
it's good be big but big big is all I
know about dad I'm still hungry
wasn't crying eating I'm so close
Wow on you you were really hungry
oh he's hungry all day always he's a
growing boy looks dad's tail yo hey I'm
all turned around
where's Artie down here dad hey buddy
tidy run down here to be but your dad is
so long make it a race ready mind if I
fly buddy boat ready the head my dad's
twice as long as I am hey do you guys
want to climb up our tail go for it Idol
bye hmm
I used to collide with my dad's so I'm
on your tail really come on it's great
up here Oh like the conductor said hold
on tight I am I'm buddy
now the fun part slide back down
whoa it's like a cave under here look at
those lights he's way bigger than the
boulders at the big pond I am so tired
ah I'll just sit down dad would an
actually sit on you yep I'm just kidding
kids huh
just watching you guys running made me
hungry really are you always hungry
always huh I have a huge appetite and
really long neck but why is your head so
small that's just the way I am you're
small that's just who you are but you
could move fast I can't
I am the hypothesis about Arnie being
that big means Arnie always needs to eat
a lot so he can move his body you know I
think you're right but I don't eat I
could hardly move at all that's really
smart buddy I observe that you only eat
plants so are you a herbivore I am flat
tip bushes for me even really herbivore
imagine being so big and eating so much
but you know what tarney sub-types I
wish I was small like you you did why
well so I could do things big guys like
me can't do you're lucky
you could run fast
and fly maybe I'm kind of lucky or play
hide-and-seek
you mean like nice hiding spot tiny see
tidy it would be so but to be small
enough to do that look at this little
guy I guess I must seem like a giant to
him you're right tiny
Barney's way bigger than us but we're
way bigger than that little boy skewed
oh I remember when I was smaller I used
to love getting a ride for my dad but I
enjoyed giving you rides hey Dad
I've got an idea you could give buddy it
tied to your eye oh that's so fun what
anybody hmm
all the way up there here climb on I'll
lift you up
Wow this must be what it's like to fly
it is like flying except this time I'm
with you buddy look I see the Dinosaur
Train chugging along
way over there oh my we better get going
can't miss the train so who wants an
Argentinosaurus ride to the train
station can we ride there mom please oh
sure you can
next stop the train station
thanks for the ride and thanks for a
great day it was really fun save here
buddy
bye new buddy Arnie thanks for telling
me how being tiny can be great
yep I'm pretty sure it doesn't matter
how big or small you are all sizes are
good that's what I told her but she
wouldn't listen next time we visit you
Arnie I might not be so tiny guess what
I'm still growing yeah you'll be big
tiny is it soon for another ride and so
training done so once upon a time there
was a mom her name was mrs. Pteranodon
sitting on a nest she heard a scratch